com/example/liquid/ViewModels/SettingsViewModel.java
 com.example.liquid.ViewModels.SettingsViewModel
com/example/liquid/Appearance.java
 com.example.liquid.Appearance
 com.example.liquid.Appearance$1
com/example/liquid/HomePageFragments/Sell.java
 com.example.liquid.HomePageFragments.Sell
com/example/liquid/HomePageFragments/Settings.java
 com.example.liquid.HomePageFragments.Settings
com/example/liquid/Networking/NetworkModels/LoginModel.java
 com.example.liquid.Networking.NetworkModels.LoginModel
com/example/liquid/Networking/NetworkUtils.java
 com.example.liquid.Networking.NetworkUtils
com/example/liquid/ViewModels/BuyShareViewModel.java
 com.example.liquid.ViewModels.BuyShareViewModel
com/example/liquid/Models/BuyShareModel.java
 com.example.liquid.Models.BuyShareModel
com/example/liquid/Adapters/SettingsAdapter.java
 com.example.liquid.Adapters.SettingsAdapter
 com.example.liquid.Adapters.SettingsAdapter$1
 com.example.liquid.Adapters.SettingsAdapter$1$1
com/example/liquid/Models/SettingsModel.java
 com.example.liquid.Models.SettingsModel
com/example/liquid/Networking/networkAPI.java
 com.example.liquid.Networking.networkAPI
com/example/liquid/DetailsBuyShare.java
 com.example.liquid.DetailsBuyShare
 com.example.liquid.DetailsBuyShare$1
 com.example.liquid.DetailsBuyShare$2
 com.example.liquid.DetailsBuyShare$3
com/example/liquid/Auth/CustDialog.java
 com.example.liquid.Auth.CustDialog
 com.example.liquid.Auth.CustDialog$1
com/example/liquid/Networking/NetworkModels/RegisterModel.java
 com.example.liquid.Networking.NetworkModels.RegisterModel
com/example/liquid/HomePageFragments/Buy.java
 com.example.liquid.HomePageFragments.Buy
 com.example.liquid.HomePageFragments.Buy$1
com/example/liquid/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.liquid.BuildConfig
com/example/liquid/Adapters/BuyShareAdapter.java
 com.example.liquid.Adapters.BuyShareAdapter
 com.example.liquid.Adapters.BuyShareAdapter$1
com/example/liquid/Auth/FirstPage.java
 com.example.liquid.Auth.FirstPage
 com.example.liquid.Auth.FirstPage$1
 com.example.liquid.Auth.FirstPage$2
com/example/liquid/HomePage.java
 com.example.liquid.HomePage
 com.example.liquid.HomePage$1
 com.example.liquid.HomePage$2
com/example/liquid/Auth/Login.java
 com.example.liquid.Auth.Login
 com.example.liquid.Auth.Login$1
 com.example.liquid.Auth.Login$1$1
com/example/liquid/Auth/SignUp.java
 com.example.liquid.Auth.SignUp
 com.example.liquid.Auth.SignUp$1
 com.example.liquid.Auth.SignUp$2
 com.example.liquid.Auth.SignUp$2$1
com/example/liquid/Auth/Splash.java
 com.example.liquid.Auth.Splash
 com.example.liquid.Auth.Splash$1
